Add Klaviyo Personas Guidance #2755 (#3095)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/klaviyo/index.md

It measures opens, clicks, revenue generated, breakdown of generated revenue based on custom attributes (like campaign type or amount gained per recipient), and provides trend reports, cohort analysis, and subscriber growth

Klaviyo lets you send personalized newsletters, automates triggered emails, product recommendations, welcome campaigns, order announcements, push notifications and sync your data to Facebook custom audiences.

To configure Klaviyo as an Event Source to get data into your warehouse or other downstream tools, see the [Klaviyo Source](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/cloud-apps/klaviyo/) documentation.

## Getting started

{% include content/connection-modes.md %}

1. From the Segment web app, click **Catalog**.
2. Search for "Klaviyo" in the Catalog, select it, and choose which of your sources to connect the destination to.
3. Navigate to [Account > Settings > API Keys](https://www.klaviyo.com/account#api-keys-tab){:target="_blank"} in Klaviyo's UI and copy your API Key into the Segment Settings UI.

> 4. **Note:** Klaviyo requires the Private API Key to use the List API. You can find this by going to Klaviyo's UI and clicking [Account > Settings > API Keys > Create API Key](https://www.klaviyo.com/account#api-keys-tab){:target="_blank"}  to generate a Private API Key and copy it into the Segment Settings UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info ""
> Klaviyo requires the Private API Key to use the List API. You can find this by going to Klaviyo's UI and clicking [Account > Settings > API Keys > Create API Key](https://www.klaviyo.com/account#api-keys-tab){:target="_blank"}  to generate a Private API Key and copy it into the Segment Settings UI.
```
